Make README consistents (#15611)
decidim/decidim: decidim-proposals/README.md

Reviewer: In line 3 we have : 
"The Proposals module adds one of the main components of Decidim: allows users to contribute to a **participatory process** by creating proposals." it should be "The Proposals module adds one of the main components of Decidim: allows users to contribute to a **participatory space** by creating proposals."

Line 7 we should change to "Proposals will be available as a Component for a Participatory **Space**."

Author: 81538834d1bfb33af125651cfa7a7bde1c0b450e

# decidim-proposals

The Proposals module adds one of the main components of Decidim: allows users to contribute to a participatory space by creating proposals.

## Usage

Proposals will be available as a Component for a Participatory Space.

## Installation

> This is on the default Decidim installation so you should not change anything to use this participatory space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is on the default Decidim installation so you should not change anything to use this component.
```
